[ominous music playing]
Heads up, furbag!
[Sonic groans]
Is that a... knockoff me?
Knockoff? Oof, that stings!
From the top
of my titanium reinforced head
to my industrial-grade tookus!
[yells, groans]
Woah, woah, woah!
The name is Chaos Sonic,
like regular Sonic
but with twice the charm,
and none of the failure!
Failure?
You've got the wrong hedgehog, pal!
Au contraire, blue-hair!
I know a fox that might disagree with you.
Another trap... I knew that fox
would set us up!
That's a lie!
I was not programmed to lie!
[opening theme music playing]
[birds chirping, rumbling]
[Rebel Rouge groans]
[yelling]
[helicopter noises]
[Mr. Dr. Eggman] To New Yoke City!
[Dr. Done It laughing]
[Dr. Done It]
The seed from which our empire
will someday bloom.
-[both cheer]
-[Dr. Done It] Cheers.
[both slurp, exhale]
Now, first things first...
[clears throat]
As Mayor, President,
Chief Superintendent, High Chancellor--
[spits]
Who died and made you Emperor Egg?
No one. Yet.
But since we can all agree
he's too old for the job--
[scoffs] Too old? [mumbles] Horsefeathers!
-Not so fast!
-[whirring]
Or you really will be ancient history.
I oughta teach you
to respect your elders-- [coughs]
Ugh. See? My point exactly.
All in favor of me ruling the city,
say aye.
And let you doom us to mediocrity? Hardly.
Leadership requires vision--
Guess that rules you out.
You think you could run a city?
Better than you.
-Why you--
-[beeping]
[Eggforcers beeping]
-[groans]
-[scoffs]
You can't even run the dishwasher.
[mockingly]
"You can't even run the dishwasher."
-That's what you sound like.
-[gasps]
Don't you take that tone with me!
You're not my dad!
Yeah, don't tell us what to do!
[all angrily mumbling]
[babbles]
[unintelligible monologue]
Oh, you mean... divide the city?
Five sectors. One for each of us.
The baby has a point.
Surely a council of equals
is preferable to total chaos?
[babbles]
[Dr. Done It]
Conquer then divide? So be it.
[ominous music playing]
[lasers blasting]
Looks like your pal... [groans]
set us up!
No! Nine wouldn't do that!
[groans, yelps]
Hi-yah!
Hi-- Oh! [groans]
I've gotta get Nine out of there!
Forget that two-timing punk!
Get in, get the shards, get out!
-That's it!
-Some of us are fast enough-- Ow!
[groans]
Wow, looking at you is like looking
in a mirror!
[mockingly] Only I'm all sad and pathetic!
You're gonna be sad in a minute!
[metal clinking]
[Chaos Sonic]
Come on!
[Sonic groaning]
Ugh, I can't take it!
You're just so tragic and smelly!
Here, let me help.
[groaning] Please, stop talking.
Ah!
Gotcha! Saved your life.
[Sonic] Woah!
-Have I told you my three-step plan yet?
-[Sonic gasping for air]
-Oh, you're gonna love it.
-Hey!
Step 1, beat you to a pulp, obviously.
Step 2, rebrand!
Ugh, this guy just won't stop talking.
[Sonic spin noise]
First of all, stop talking! And second--
Ah, ah, ah! You didn't hear my step three.
I diversify! T-shirts, pop albums,
a chili dog
flavored soft drink called
"Chaos Sonic's Chaos Tonic!"
[groans]
[laser shooting]
[missiles blasting]
[metal clanking]
-Nice one.
-That the last of 'em?
Better be.
[Rebel Rouge]
Sonic looks like he could use a hand.
Spoke too soon...
[heavy metal footsteps]
[shoots laser, out of ammo]
Classic.
Help Sonic!
-I'll hold them off as long as I can.
-I ain't leaving you.
Yes, you are. That's an order.
Go!
[lasers shooting]
What's the matter? Stage fright?
Don't worry. The show's almost over,
and you've had a good run,
but it's time to take your final bow.
[crashes]
Aw, yeah!
I think you're getting rusty, Blue.
This guy ain't so tough.
[Knuckles yelps]
[groans]
Two-on-one? Tsk-tsk.
That's cheating.
Guess I'll have to even the odds.
[Sonic groans]
[Knuckles groaning]
Stand still!
Missed me, missed me,
now here comes my fisty!
[Knuckles groans]
Ugh, he's tough.
Maybe I can run down his battery.
Hey, you want to be the new me?
I am the new you.
Well, how about a race?
Oh, I love a race. [claps]
See if you can keep up with the original.
[both blast off]
Hm.
[lasers blasting in the distance]
What have I done?
A great service...
for us, that is.
Mighty charitable of you,
selling out your blue chum like that.
Even if it was
just a slip of the tongue.
[all Eggmen cackling]
The hedgehog has met his match.
Chaos Sonic will destroy him!
And with our endless supply of power,
the resistance is all but over.
Now that we've seen what the shard
can do on a small scale,
what say we widen our lens?
[ominous music playing]
Personally, I've always felt my sector
could use more smokestacks.
Must you be so pedestrian?
What we need is a museum!
Something to commemorate our achievements.
Colonnades, archways, friezes, busts---
Theme park.
Ugh. Save it for the bridge
and tunnel crowd.
Theme. Park.
[unintelligible babble]
-Museum!
-Smokestacks!
Theme park.
Everyone pipe down!
Staying local was never part of the plan.
Conquer, then divide, remember?
The old man is right... for once.
However, with this much
shard power at our disposal,
we don't have to conquer those worlds...
We can transform them into
whatever we want,
just like that.
No more oceans,
no more jungles.
With the proper adjustments
to the Shatterdrive,
the portals could stay open
as long as we need.
We wouldn't have to go anywhere!
Imagine universal domination
from the comfort of our own home!
Uh, I wouldn't do that.
Who's asking you?
The portals aren't natural.
Keeping them open will have
repercussions on a universal scale.
The varmint makes sense.
What makes him the expert?
I invented the Shatterdrive technology.
-And we're improving it.
-Pay no attention to the squirrel.
[beeps]
[shutter closes]
Now, where was I?
Ah, yes.
Why fight over one New Yoke
when we can have five?
[all cackling]
[Sonics running,
Super Sonic running mechanically]
[techno music playing]
-Hello again!
-Ugh!
Gotcha.
-Stop. Seriously, knock it off!
-Stop copying me!
Boo!
And down goes Sonic!
He can taste his impending defeat,
which I'm guessing tastes like concrete.
Ugh. If I'm half as annoying as this guy,
I really need to make some changes.
Let's start by changing your face!
Ugh... At least I have a face!
I got to hand it to you,
-you don't just lose, you lose epically!
-[Sonic yelling]
Face it, you'll never beat me!
-You're too slow.
-Quit your yapping and come get me.
Oh, no.
[clank]
[crash]
-Bus-ted! [gasps]
-[blasting in the distance]
Sonic! He'll lead me
right back to me beauty...
Doctors! Rejoice!
For today, we demonstrate
the true power of the Shards--
Must you make a speech every time?
Just do the thing.
[scoffs] Fine. Whatever. Dr. Deep.
Begin Operation
"Chaos Terraformation".
Start it up!
[beeping]
Energy extraction
from the Shards is underway.
Over to you, Dr. Babble.
[baby gibberish]
[ominous music playing]
[pulls lever]
[crackling]
[laser blasting]
[chuckling] That should do the trick.
[rumbling]
[beeps]
[gasping]
The Chaos Council.
[Dr. Done It]
At last! Our empire blooms.
[lasers blasting]
Finally.
We're done here.
[clank]
Oh, come on.
[Sonic spin noises]
Sorry I'm late.
Where's your evil,
slightly more annoying twin?
He had a bus to catch.
[rumbling]
[groaning]
What are we supposed to do about these?
That can't be good.
We ain't going to be able to punch our way
out of this one.
The sooner we get the Shards,
the sooner we can stop this.
-Great point, Rebel.
-Let's go!
[lasers shooting]
[Knuckles groaning]
Go, go, go!
[explosions]
Hey, bro. Miss me?
[Sonic yelling]
Now, where were we?
Oh, yeah.
[fighting effort noises,
Sonic spin noises]
[groaning continues]
[both groaning]
[cackling] Now this, this is fun...
[Sonic yelling]
I'm picking up at least
two more Shard signatures
undiscovered somewhere in the Void.
Which means...
To each his own Shatterverse.
-And then?
-[baby babble]
Hear, hear! [coughs]
[all cheer]
[metal clanking]
Feel free to add this butt-kicking
to your long list of failures, Sonic!
[Sonic groaning]
You want to know the biggest
difference between you and me?
He's got us.
[metal clank]
And you're on your own.
[Chaos Sonic yelling]
-Nah, friends are a weakness.
-[Sonic] No!
Remember, Sonic, this is all on you.
Huh? [Rebel Rouge yelling]
Leave them alone.
After I'm done with you,
-I'm going to destroy your friends.
-[groans]
-Avast, scurvy dog!
-Dread?
-You're okay!
-I owe ye one for saving me hide.
But once we're squared,
it's every one for themselves
when it comes to me beauty.
Nya ha ha!
Must have took
one too many punches today.
That makes two of us... and two of you.
Don't question it.
What better way to win a fight
than with a pair of Knuckles?
No argument there.
[fighting efforts]
[clank, beeps]
Shiver me timbers! Ye be me!
Are you making fun of me?
[powers on, beeps]
[both Knuckles yelp]
Knuckle's... Woah!
And you, Doctor--
[rumbling]
Well, this is new.
-What was that? An earthquake?
-No, bigger.
A ripple in time and space.
[chuckles]
The varmint was right,
guess that's what happens
when one goes drilling holes in reality.
You overeager fools!
Whatever it is, we can fix it later.
No sense stopping now.
These fools are going to tear
the Shatterverse apart.
Enough is enough.
[serious music playing]
[lasers blasting, metal clanking]
[Sonic] Ah! Take this!
[fighting noises]
Hey, Sonic, are you there?
Sorry, pal, but I'm a little busy
at the moment. Woah!
[Nine] I have a plan.
Follow my directions and lead it to me.
-You sure?
-Positive. But you got to hurry.
What else is new?
Hey, slow poke!
Sonic, wait!
-I'm starting to think he likes traps.
-Aye, he does.
This is too weird.
Quick, take a right. And a left.
Take a right, then up the stairs!
Exit the top floor!
The lab is at the end of the hall!
Lead him this way!
[energy crackling]
We did it!
Oh, sorry.
I, uh...
I know you're not really a hugger.
No, I'm sorry.
The Chaos Council used me.
-I didn't--
-Hey, I never doubted you for a second.
And that proves why.
Only a true friend
could pull off a save like that.
Friend? We're friends?
You bet we are! Uh, quick question.
How are we gonna carry them all?
They seem extra Shardy right now.
This will only take a moment.
Ah!
[dying] I'm the best!
This case should hold
the Shards and contain their energy.
The more the Shards interact,
the more volatile
and potentially catastrophic
they could become.
Genius.
As always.
Yay, teamwork!
Oh... High-five!
-[both laughing]
-[Sonic] Yes!
Aha! Stop right there, varmints!
[whirring]
I hate this place.
[closing theme music playing]